and then you came with 85 kilos stop the
84.9 for the Brazilian
pear 27 years costumando 26 of the other
span of full 800 meters more
high still 94 mount a height between
he
alex botelho from the city of são bernardo
from Camp
my way home from the paradise of
court embu
found the coordinator marcio with his
third fight his tire and taquarembó goal
and it indicates the marriage to durango fight
who promises Alex a catcher matinee and
they started there and they had a big supper dog
pitbull and 85 pounds
Here's what the boy and I have
arrival
well here very well around here
in the evening, the one facing the net lose
went up
the acer will get back but it's hard
also the way it is endure the beating
chef chakall unduly fine against the
as well as taking care of this
right
O Uruguayan country to identify you
by shorts freedoms and white writing
habitats certain world
cnj goes with 79-pound fight now 85
to take no other newspaper changes
catch any other
this in my opinion is the most
the connected engine are athletes who
they are very strong, they are very strong but
this is not their action, "said the Pope.
that arrives
mike rogers that the port display there is
the bishop actually years with tanks now
explains with great force the
first after the overturning of my
bet my life it goes deep everything
folks went crazy
Oh, the old Pedro now I really can
that the fighter Alex Pereira took a long
on a hill
gets too strong
today italy won the new village deparu
to the attack commented and dangerous also
I feel the cruise will punish the law goes
bring a tape of your beatings
very well-known circumstance 1985 interest
tomic leads to stupidity arrived interest which
the crowd is almost standing gay to our
Black and spectacular crowd the
first round plus one
during the night Ferraz is brave and is
courageous and Uruguayan took two christmas but
muricy old regime problems
the pain is spectacular the fight away
collective today
Welcome, is the village working from?
a spectacular way alex pereira comes
achieving significant results in the
career and vice champion selection
ranking and if world champion
finally has everything to shine
from here to the future
Look at those who like José's numbers.
lello of the four fights of the Terrana two
wins for blue glove two wins
for baby glove
already I
in an official address without
challenge to small haiti
honestly the way he started
no esta
by knockout at 2 of 32 of the 1st round is a
rite the josué pereira son pedro in roma
in a state of coma
Sheep in the city of Ita
taquara and book
antónio as stable but also
It's very good.
the Uruguayan really well really